README.md, before:

# CIlib Documentation #

This repository maintains the source for the CIlib website.

## Contributing ##
....

## Dependencies ##
To generate and view the website locally, [Jekyll](http://jekyllrb.com) is
required. The installation of Jekyll for different operating systems is
described below (but please also reference the instructions at the Jekyll
[wiki](https://github.com/mojombo/jekyll/wiki/Install)).

Note that Jekyll requires [Ruby](http://ruby-lang.org) to be present on the
system.

### Unix ###
Jekyll is installed using either your operating system package manager
(applicable to most Linux distros) or via RubyGems:

    gem install jekyll

### Mac OS X ###
Mac OS X users will need to have XCode, as well as Ruby available on the
system to use Jekyll. OSX users may require an update to RubyGems:

    sudo gem update --system

Follow the instructions for Unix above. If required, the command may require
superuser access, so prepend the commands with `sudo`.

### Windows ###
Get Ruby installed on the system using the [RubyInstaller](http://rubyinstaller.org/downloads)
You should use the 1.8.x release if 1.9.x causes you problems with unicode.

Follow the instructions for the [RubyInstaller DevKit](https://github.com/oneclick/rubyinstaller/wiki/Development-Kit)

Install Jekyll using gem:

    gem install jekyll

## Building and Viewing ##
cd into the `cilib.github.com` repository directory and build using:

    rake preview

The generated site is available at `http://localhost:4000`

## Markdown ##
As per the default used by Jekyll, this site uses [Maruku](http://maruku.rubyforge.org/maruku.html) extensions.

## License ##
...

Commit message:

SBT migration information.
Document the needed info for the move of cilib to SBT. Also changed
the markdown processing engine to be RDiscount so that we can embed
external content such as github gists.

Signed-off-by: Gary Pamparà <gpampara@gmail.com>

README.md, after:

# CIlib Documentation #

This repository maintains the source for the CIlib website.

## Contributing ##
Please feel free to fork this repo and help us add content by sending
us a pull request.

## Dependencies ##
To generate and view the website locally, [Jekyll](http://jekyllrb.com) is
required. The installation of Jekyll for different operating systems is
described below (but please also reference the instructions at the Jekyll
[wiki](https://github.com/mojombo/jekyll/wiki/Install)).

Note that Jekyll requires [Ruby](http://ruby-lang.org) to be present on the
system.

### Unix ###
Jekyll is installed using either your operating system package manager
(applicable to most Linux distros) or via RubyGems:

    gem install jekyll

### Mac OS X ###
Mac OS X users will need to have XCode, as well as Ruby available on the
system to use Jekyll. OSX users may require an update to RubyGems:

    sudo gem update --system

Follow the instructions for Unix above. If required, the command may require
superuser access, so prepend the commands with `sudo`.

### Windows ###
Get Ruby installed on the system using the [RubyInstaller](http://rubyinstaller.org/downloads)
You should use the 1.8.x release if 1.9.x causes you problems with unicode.

Follow the instructions for the [RubyInstaller DevKit](https://github.com/oneclick/rubyinstaller/wiki/Development-Kit)

Install Jekyll using gem:

    gem install jekyll

## Building and Viewing ##
cd into the `cilib.github.com` repository directory and build using:

    rake preview

The generated site is available at `http://localhost:4000`

## Markdown ##
This site uses the RDiscount markdown engine, which is an alternate engine
for jekyll. The maruku engine seems to have problems when embedding content,
such as some Github gists.

For this reason, it is necessary that you also install the RDiscount gem
for ruby:

    gem install rdiscount

## License ##
...
